Update api docs links (#23933)
docker/docker.github.io: content/reference/api/extensions-sdk/Docker.md

| Name | Type | Description |
| :------ | :------ | :------ |

> | `options?` | `any` | (Optional). A JSON like `{ "all": true, "limit": 10, "size": true, "filters": JSON.stringify({ status: ["exited"] }), }` For more information about the different properties see [the Docker API endpoint documentation](https://docs.docker.com/reference/api/engine/version/v1.48/#operation/ContainerList). |

Reviewer: Perhaps update to the current version;

```suggestion
| `options?` | `any` | (Optional). A JSON like `{ "all": true, "limit": 10, "size": true, "filters": JSON.stringify({ status: ["exited"] }), }` For more information about the different properties see [the Docker API endpoint documentation](https://docs.docker.com/reference/api/engine/version/v1.52/#tag/Container/operation/ContainerList). |
```
